Alright, so, I think, we're gonna wait for a few more minutes. Maybe a few more students will join us, because I've got… 25 students enrolled in this course, have a full house. I don't know how many will show up. So while we're waiting, I'd like to, share with you a letter That was published. Let me check. 2021! That was when you were… Still in the high school, right? 2021. Yeah, I, you know, these days, I keep, showing people the article I wrote many years ago. Like, this one is, like, 4 years ago. Anyway, if you look at… because I know many of you are from Chinese medicine, right? Raise your hand if you're from Chinese medicine. Yeah, okay. So we have a special session for Chinese medicine. So that's why I show this letter to you. The title is How Hong Kong Can Apply Traditional Chinese Medicine in Fight Against Chronic Disease. And you can see there's some summary line here. The health department strategy focusing on specific risk factors rather than holistic health management. the traditional Chinese medicine practitioners are able to customize health recommendations to individual constitutions and needs. So that's a very classical point about the difference between the Chinese medicine and the Western medicine, right? Because the Chinese citizens take a more holistic, approach. And also, you know, take into consideration the individualized, individual constitution. So. This letter… Another reason why I want to show you this letter is because it was the collaboration between me and, a PhD student in Chinese medicine from BU, okay? So, I think this is a very good way to introduce this course. Because one thing we do in this course is to write about public policy. And then try to publish in South China Morning Post. Okay, so Sunshine Money Post has got a letter section. letter to the editor, okay? Anyone can submit. Anyone can submit a letter. It's, you won't get paid. Alright? But, if you, if the editor liked the letter, they will run it, they will publish it on paper, okay, as well as online. So, the… the word limit is up to 400 words, alright? Up to 400 words. But usually, these days, you see the whole section is kind of getting smaller, not enough space, so it's getting harder to publish letters there. And, you know, when I first, offered this course, it was back in 20… 2019 or something? I got at least 10 or more letters published every semester. My students. Okay? But these days, it's getting, getting more difficult, and also… I don't always get the time to supervise and help students to pursue the project very rigorously, so we get less… fewer letters published these days. But still, we manage to publish at least 4 or 5 each semester. Okay? And, another thing is, the number of co-authors can be up to 3. Okay? So, But of course, if you form a group, let's say we have a group of 4 or 5, Then you have to decide, you know, who is going to be the co-author. Right? Or you can try to write two letters. Alright. So… So that's the, that's the letter, which… which I think, it's… it's very relevant to your, to, expertise, right, to your specialty. That's why I want to bring this up. Okay… I have a QR code, so I have a Google Docs. And I also, record today's session in case anyone who misses, the first week. So, feel free to scan the QR code. And, you should be able to have access to the Google Docs. And, we also have a… WhatsApp group. So, if you're not yet in the WhatsApp group, maybe you need to join. You can check your email, or if you come to the Google Docs. If you come to the Google Docs, the WhatsApp group link is right here, so you should be able to join. Alright. Yeah, so in Moodle, in Moodle, I also just recently, very recently updated the link, so you can, you can access the Google Docs link here as well. Okay. Yeah, take your time and scan the QR code. I only got one, one monitor here. Alright, everybody on the same page? So, I wonder if, anyone in this room who are not from Chinese medicine, or… Raise your hand. Wait, which major? What's your major? Social work, okay. Social work, then your name is Lai Qi Yan? Okay. Anyone else? Everyone else… else is from Chinese medicine? What's… what's your major? And, what's your major? Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. I think that's… that's very unusual, right? Because usually a G course like this would be, like, people from different backgrounds. But, But I think that's actually good, because, as I said, number one. I did something, you know? I also have connection with people from Chinese medicine. In fact, this student. This student, Yu Ling Wang, She's a PhD student of Professor Pien. Okay, yeah. So, So, I have… I have a connection, you know? And I know another… I know, I know another, professor, I think his name is Lu. Not Liu Yi Pin. I know Lui Pin too, yeah. I know Professor Liu, too. But I'm talking about another Liu. I forgot. Anyway, so what I'm saying is that, actually, we can try to do something more related to Chinese medicine and healthcare in general. Okay? And, if you search… in fact, one thing you can do is to search eHealth. Search eHouse and SDMP. Go ahead and try to do that. Because eHealth… is actually… a topic that I have done a lot of work on. Do you know eHouse? the health record exchange… health record sharing system. It was launched back in 2016, I believe. I think… I started to pay attention to this When, like, when it was first launched. 20, 2016, or 28-2017? Yeah, you see? How Hong Kong can become a smart city in public health. This was a letter, published in… 2018. So it was published in March 2018, Which is… Which is 2 years from it was launched. Okay, 2016. So, I already started doing research on this. Back then. Alright? So, if you want to pursue a project on this, I think we can talk, we can discuss. Alright. Okay, so I do have some slides, but it's kind of a little bit dated. So I want to, get started. Alright, so… The course title is… Taking a stand. Turning research insights into policy recommendation. Now, taking a stand is very important. That means we are going to make an argument. Alright? That means we're going to say something that the government may not like. taking a stand, you see what I mean? So it's not like, oh, everything the government does is right, is good, it's very good, blah blah blah. It's about… making an argument that the government needs to do more work. The government Has room for improvement. So… We are trying to turn research insights into policy recommendation. In order to do that, we are going to do research in this course. But our research won't be very rigorous. It's, not… the kind of research that you have to go to the lab, you have to do a lot of, very systematic investigation, and publish a paper. We don't do that. Our research is more practical. Okay? I'm gonna explain to you our methodology. Our methodology is quite, quite different. But I want you to do research. And hopefully we can gain some insights into how the government can do a better job. When we say the government needs to do a better job, that means we're going to critically review the government's practices and policy. And to find that, actually, there's some room for improvement. There's something that they didn't do very well. For example, back in 2016, 2018, when I am… when I published this paper, this is not a paper, a letter, okay? How Hong Kong can become a smart city in public health. At the time, There's only 680,000 people. or enrolled in eHealth. Right? But this number… You don't get this number from the… from the internet. Do you know how I got this number? I emailed the government. Okay? I write to the government. And I asked them to provide a number. What is the… Current number of people enrolled in the system. And we got a number. So that's actually one of the key methodologies of this course, is we approach the government department, government staff, and ask them questions. And we got answer. Do you know… you may wonder, how? How come the government will answer your question? Do you know why? Have you heard of codon access to information? Don't hide it yourself, Zelda. Yeah, you heard of it. Okay. The PowerPoint is… Through… Here. Some slides for week 1. It's kind of a makeshift, because it's old slides. I feel sorry, because I tried to make some new slides, but it doesn't work, so I have to use the old slides. Anyway… I'm still talking about the course title, right? So, we do some research, And then we make a recommendation on how, you know, the government can do a better job. In fact, This letter… This letter that I published with a PhD student in Chinese medicine. It's also following that pattern, right? So there's some research inside, but that research insight is not from my course, it's from her research team. From Professor Bien's team. So that's why, if you look at this… if you look at this letter, there's actually a little bit… A little bit, information on the research. Here, you see? In a research project funded by the Jockey Club, Baptist University researchers developed a TCM body constitution questionnaire targeting the Kenyan-speaking elderly population. So there's a little bit of research, and then based on the research, we make some recommendation. Alright? So that's what we do in this course. So we have the WhatsApp group. If, you haven't joined the WhatsApp group, this is the QR code. When you get a chance, you can do it now, or you can do it later, just… Send a message. To the group, but maybe most of you already know each other. And, maybe you can send me a message, alright? You know, usually I start engaged students, after the ad job period, right? Because, maybe I talk to them a little bit, and then they leave the course, so that's a bit embarrassing, so… Okay, anyway, well, I, I used to have this, digital avatar, Which… You know, it's… it's pretty… it's pretty fun, you know, to… to impress a freshman. Or, you know, it… I think it's also… it can also… may work, may or may not work, it'll work, okay. Let's see… Well, in fact. I don't know why it doesn't work here. So, actually, one of my colleagues is working with the Chinese medicine colleagues to build an avatar like this, not necessarily with my avatar, to train the students how to do the clinical handover. Do you do clinical handover? Okay. Anyway, so, so that's actually another project. I don't know why it doesn't work. Okay, never mind. Okay, so, oh, for AI. We used to use the platform, but now we're going to switch to the HKBU. So one thing you might want to do, maybe later on during the course break. Is to go to, our platform, the BU platform. Maybe you can try and, log in? Okay, so if you come to the, Platform, and if you go to the bottom left. you can see there's a profile and setting, right? So if you, open up the profile and setting, you see there's an API. So can anyone check and see if you have the API? I don't know, I don't know if mobile devices would work, but on the computer, you can try and see if you have API. Now, if you have API, Then you can, click on it. And then you can generate a key. But I just realized that Most freshmen, first-year students, they don't have API yet. Soy, do you have… you don't? No? Okay. Well, then I have to talk to NGO. Sorry. Nevermind. We'll figure things out, no worry. Okay, so let me, introduce the course. There's a couple of highlights. The first thing I want to highlight is our methodology. Okay? So we're going to do research in this course, but our research is not, like, in a lab, doing some very systematic collect data from the field. You know, doing experiments. Instead, our data… Comes from the government. Okay? So, we write email, To the government staff, different department, different bureau. And then… We cite code on access to information. Okay? Because of this code. The government staff are required to respond and give us a substantive reply in 3 weeks. Okay? So, if we, for example, today is, 4th of September, in 21 days, calendar days, okay, not working days, we will get a reply. Usually, in substance, that means they will answer all your questions. Yet. Sometimes, it can be extended to 7 weeks. Okay? So if it's 7 weeks, you know, we only have 13 weeks in this semester, you see what I mean? So that means, to be safe, you probably want to send off the request around week 4. Alright? Earlier, better. Week 3 better, okay? Now. Before we talk about the… well, actually, we already talked about the request of information, so maybe we can just finish this part. A very short video, you can take a look. But in this video, there's already… there's already some issues. Which is very interesting. Yes. But we don't have to guess if it is transparent. You'd need no guesswork to get information from the government. The public can make requests for information under the Code on Access to Information. Visit www.access.gov.hk to find out more. Okay, since it's a very short video, I'm gonna play it again. Pay a bit more attention here, because, There's some interesting… I'd have to guess if it is transparent. You need no guesswork to get information from the government. The public can make requests for information under the Code on Access to Information. Visit www.access.gov.hk to find out more. Now, this video is actually an example An example of how… The government may not be always so… Honest. or transparent. Because, think about this video. Of course, it's a 30-second video, right? You can only give that much information in 30 seconds. But I have to say, there's some very important and essential information that has been missing from this video. Okay? For example, time frame. You see what I mean? The timeframe of requesting information is 3 weeks. Well, they will give you a 10 weeks, kind of interim reply, and then 3 weeks, and then 7 weeks. There's no information about that. And also, you have the right to file a complaint. You see what I mean? You have the right to request an internal review, and then file a complaint to ombudsman. Not here. You see what I mean? So they are actually offering information in a selective way. They don't want to tell people the, the… The full picture. Okay? So that's, that's the government, that's the nature of the government. Now… This is a very interesting quote. In fact, I want to invite you to consider this quote. I'm going to ask you to… ask you to think about it, maybe invite you to talk a bit. Have you heard of this quote before? Raise your hand if you read this quote before. Government! Even in its best state, it's but a necessary evil, in its worst state, an intolerable one. Okay. I think we're lucky, right? Our government is not in the… in the worst state, we can still tolerate the government. But the point of this quote Is that even in its best form, best state, that means every government in the world Right? Excluding those bad government, you know, intolerable ones. Even the best government is a necessary evil. What does it mean? Think about it, what does it mean? What do you think? I would question… What do you mean by evil? In what aspect? And to what extent do you consider it as an evil? Because this is quite subjective, actually. Any guess? Why do you think… is there any reason to consider government to be evil? You know, there are two things you cannot avoid in life, right? 1 and 2, do you know the two things? Tex and death, right? Tex and death. So the reason why people think the government is evil, It's because of taxation. Okay? Think about taxation. Basically, this… this government department take away part of your money What? And if you don't pay, what's the consequence? You go to jail! If you don't pay tax, you go to jail. You see what I mean? Is it that… is that evil? I think it's pretty evil. Okay? It's just as simple as that. You know, when any institution, or agents, or whatever, anyone tell you, you have to pay part of your money, part of your income, hard-earned income, to me, or you have to go to jail. or whatever, you know, I'm gonna impose violence on you. Is that evil? Of course it's evil. Think about it. Can you say this is evil? Because, like, government is doing allocation of resources to different groups of people, so for some people, it may be evil, but for some people, it's good. Yes, you can say that, but I think when the label was applied to the government, say, the government of evil, we're not talking about a specific group of people, we're talking about the fact that you are able to take away innocent people's money You know, out of duress. That act in itself, is evil. You see what I mean? So the whole idea… but see, the evil that the modifier is as necessary. So it's kind of like a trade-off. So we give up part of our freedom, part of our money, part of our wealth. For the government's protection, And… Services. You see what I mean? You are here… Because, of course, you pay the tuition, but then at the same time, the government also fund the institution. Right? You're, you're paying, like, 40-something. 40K, right? Around 40K, 50K a year. But, if there are students who are not publicly funded, they have to pay, like, $100,000 or something. So, it's necessary, because the government take away people's money, taxation, and then they're gonna fund the public goods. Alright? So, so, so this is the kind of trade-off we have to face. And, and, you know, this is actually, the foundation, the intellectual foundation of democracy, right? So we start to… we begin to recognize that government is a necessary evil, and then what's the… what's the implication? What is the implication? The implication is that we have to hold the government accountable. You see what I mean? Because these people, they got a lot of power, they got a lot of resources to do many things. They have… they make decisions that would have consequence on us. as taxpayers, as the ordinary people. So, we have to hold them accountable. The relationship between ordinary people and the government staff is essentially the relationship of the customers and the service providers. You see what I mean? So, so accountability is so important. How can you hold the government accountable? One way to ensure The government is accountable, it's transparency. Right? Because you need to know what's going on. You have to know how the decision was made. What are the decisions being made? Before you can hold them accountable, right? So that's why we have the Code on Access Information. Code on Access Information is derived from Freedom of Information Law, which is something coming from the West. You know, in UK, US, in many European countries have the similar law. And Hong Kong was following that example to set up the code on access to information. But it's the code, it's not the law. But the idea that we need to hold the government accountable coming from the fact that we are the taxpayers. Coming from the fact that we are the taxpayers, we are the customers, and the government is the service provider. Alright? So that's why we have the rights, we can email the government, and we can ask them questions. Okay? So this is the foundation of our course. We try to do things, we try to do research, and we find that actually the government is not doing a very good job in certain aspects. Okay? And then, there's also another crucial element in the whole thing, Which is the free press. Okay? So, there's the newspaper, there's the media, where people can Freely express our opinions. And that's why we have letters to the editor. You see what I mean? We have letters to the editor. And, this is a section that ordinary people like us can also write and express our opinions and share our views. So… so all this coming together is… it becomes possible to run a course like this. Okay? And we will be able to do some research, we'll be able to, investigate government's policy. And we will find some loophole, find some room for improvement. And then we're gonna write to the government again, and we're going to write to the lawmaker. Okay, the Legislative Council. Alright? To, Hopefully the lawmaker will be able to you know. Not necessarily interven, but at least they know there's an issue here and there. Alright. So, this is actually a very important point I want to… Why won't you make? But then at the same time, I don't want to, be too ambitious. or idealistic. Because… After so many years of writing letters, negotiating… negotiating with the government, or, you know, Writing to the government, I don't think what I did make a big difference. You know? Maybe make some small difference, but not big difference. I can give you an example of a small difference. Well, actually, I'm… even though it's a very small difference, I still feel like this is something that's worth talking about. I've got this, case written. You guys can read this later. So the, the… The article is about how to write so the government will listen. And this is a very interesting case. On a Saturday afternoon, Saturday afternoon, This is the bus stop. in my home area, in my neighborhood. You can see The bus is full. Okay? Do you know why? Because around 5PM, there's a lot of workers from a construction site. They, they finish work. So they take this bus. But the problem is, during Saturday afternoon, the frequency Is the holiday schedule. So we're talking about 15 to 20 minutes. You know? And usually, I don't… I don't take this bus on Saturday afternoon, but somehow for that… that… day, I took the bus, and I witnessed this. So I emailed the transport department. Okay? Because I said, you know, this is pretty urgent. You see what I mean? And in one week, they didn't respond. Okay? Do you know what I did? I emailed the police. Okay? Because I tried to reframe the issue from a service of the transport of the bus to a security issue, or safety issue. Okay? And when you email the police. You see, this is… this many people. When you email the police, Now, the, the, the problem with… The problem with contacting police is that most people don't know how to email police. Do you know how to email police? You only know how to call the police. Now, I'm going to give you the trick. Even… even you don't take the course, at least you will learn this, okay? Okay, so, this is my trick. This is my trick. I always tell my students, after taking this course, even if you, don't learn anything, you learn how to complain. Okay? You learn how to complain. And in Hong Kong, it's very important to learn how to complain, okay? No. The government telephone directory is my, is my, secret weapon. Because you can go here, alright? Well, actually, my ultimate, weapon is this. I will email the Office of Chief Executive. Yeah. And when I emailed to the chief executive. They will, usually, they will forward my email to a department. Or a bureau. And usually they will take it more seriously, okay? And, whenever I email the chief executive office, it's the… it's the secretary of the private secretaries C, CEO of the… of Chief Executive. So basically, between me and the chief sector, there are two people. Okay? Because the chief executive has a private sector, that's the very senior people, okay? Private sector. And then the private sector, you got the team member. Is the team member email me? On behalf of the… Private secretary, okay? So I can give you some example. Anyway… Going back to, to, how to email police, okay? Police is actually one of the government departments, so you have to go here. And then you will find… Hong Kong police. Again, even when you, contact the police, you, you need to be strategic, okay? You don't go… you don't go to the commissioner right away. You save commissioner for later, alright? So you go to, for example, in my case, it's in typo, right? So I have to go down and find a… Yeah, find a unit in charge of typo. But then when I emailed them, I would tell them, okay, you, you better send the officer. To, to investigate. And then keep a record. Because the police, actually, there's an internal mechanism for handling complaints. Alright? So that's how… We handle the government, basically. Alright. So, the good news is. The good news is, actually, I go to… I go to that bus stop every Saturday. In, in 2 or 3 weeks to follow up. And then you see the police was… the police officer was there. Because I asked them to. Okay? And, eventually, Eventually, they did increase. the, frequency. They increase the frequency. Because they also agreed there's a need to increase the frequency. So my point is, with more knowledge about how the government works. Including this kind of, like, directory or whatever. you can actually make a small difference in our community. But if you want to make a bigger difference. Then you need to, Maybe run, run for office, you know, I, I, Oh, this is another, opportunity. Do you know this, this lady? She used to be a lawmaker, Mamai Gun. She used to be a lawmaker, now she's actually one of the… one of the… she's… she's one of the… yeah, she became a secretary later, yeah. So, so this is another thing we do. Maybe if you guys are interested, we can do that too. We can set up an appointment, a meeting with the lawmaker. to, discuss issues. And this was a meeting we set up During the pandemic. We are advocates for, corresponding children. Because they have to stay in Shenzhen, they cannot come back to Hong Kong to go to their school, okay? So this was the… This was the… And this is a very interesting case, because after we met with Ms. Mack. she actually went to the Legislative Council meeting during the… when the chief executive was there. So she was actually passed our message to… to, Lamjan, okay, at the time. So… and we also wrote a letter to the editor on this. Okay? So you can see Ms. Mac. was… So for now, a lot of the course boundary families are very concerned. We have, tens of thousands of cross-boundary students in the mainland, and they have to, attend, online classes in the mainland. We have met some of the cross boundary parents, and they do have some recommendations. Like, in Shenzhen. the, false boundaries. So, so she was actually honoring her promise? Right? Because, when we had the meeting, we explained the whole thing, so she, she followed up. At the time, she was the lawmaker. Alright. And this is another, occasion. I was meeting with Wendy, Dr. Wendy Hong. So, Wendy Hong is another lawmaker, and, we actually, run this course in her office, okay, in the Legislative Council complex. I think we're going to set up something similar, this December, okay? So, we will invite all of you to the Legislative Council Complex to meet with the lawmaker and, To do the presentation. Okay. So that's… that's, Again, I'm not saying that it would make a huge difference, but at least we have some channels to voice our opinions. Which I think is important. That's right, so this is a case of a real impact on practical issue, which I just talked about. Now… when we write letters in SEMP, Usually, it's… there's no response, but occasionally. the government will reply. They will also write a letter in the same column. For example, this one. This one, we talk about something pretty, unusual, it's called solar weather. Okay, we talk about solar weather. And then the, the… The observatory staff responded. Okay. So that's like a public conversation with the government staff. Right? And, there's, There's a video here, we can watch a little bit, this is, the course got an award, got the teaching award a couple of years ago. DCAP3056 is an award-winning general education capstone course that Ben and I co-developed and co-teach for the Language Center and the Department of English. The course is designed to empower students to conduct research on policies and programs of the Hong Kong government, and then they share their insights by writing in the South China Morning Post Letters column. I help students to develop their research skills and to communicate their findings effectively in writing. I also help students in understanding the social issues and the role of the government's policies in addressing these social issues. I hope that I was able to open up some possible topic areas for student project work based on my own research interests in the LGBT plus community in Hong Kong and Asia. They were able to formulate a convincing argument on the need for better gender and sexuality inclusivity initiatives as a letter to the SCMP. We also collaborated on writing letters to the editor in the South China Morning Post as a way to demonstrate to our students the kind of writing and engagement with public discourse that we expect of in the course. And actually having the opportunity to publish an article in a leading newspaper in Hong Kong is a real highlight of the course. Students find it rewarding to have their voices heard by the community through this publication. We also hope that students will develop the skills and confidence to engage in informed public de-schools and make a difference in their community. And we also hope that they'll actually be inspired to continue being active citizens and contribute to the public good long after the course is over. Sustainable peace is mainly based on the emerging So, But as I said, you know, in recent years, it's become more difficult to publish in the letter… in the letter section, and I think, I think, we didn't do a very big project in, in recent years, so, so, hopefully this semester we can… We can, pursue something, Alright, so very quickly, I will talk about the assessment, and then we will start exploring some topics. I don't think we're going to spend a whole full, full 3 hours today, you know, it's still the agile period, so… And he just, relax. Now, in terms of, assessment. It's, 35% is, individual work, and 65% will be good work. So, I think, you know, working together is very important. Essentially, we have an argumentative research paper to write. For a group of around 5, students. And, that's the main piece of work. Usually, the word count is… we're talking about the 500 words per student, so that's the usual word count. And, hopefully we will be able to submit that to the Legislative Council. So it will be circulated among some panels, so the lawmakers can read, and they can at least become aware of this issue. And then the community engagement portfolio is also good work. It would include the evidence of requesting information from the government, the evidence of writing for the public. And also an infographic. For making the argument. You can also make a video, but I don't think people would make a video, because infographic is less time-consuming. I mean, I would encourage you to try. The refractive learning journal would be 35%. you need to write about 5 entries, each about 200, 300 words. And everything you do here can be done with AI assistance. So, we're going to introduce the AI tools a little bit later. Generally speaking, we got about 20-25% of the students will get an A-range grade. Probably 70% would go to B range. Usually students will get a C's because they don't do most of the work, or, you know, do not submit some of the work. Very few… I don't think anyone fail, unless they just don't come. To class, or don't do anything. So that's kind of the bottom line. Other things, I think we're going to, negotiate, we're going to decide later. So, for now, I want to talk about the… the projects. Okay? So, in terms of the projects. I have 5 projects or topics for you to choose. And if you want to pursue a different project, you can form a team and talk to me. But, I'm a little bit disinclined to supervise project that I'm not familiar with. Because that means more work. to do. Okay? So, the first project, I would encourage you to, consider… is… About the chatbot. of Hong Kong Observatory. And, the reason why, I would encourage you to do that, it's because I have already done some work. I requested information about the Dr. Teen chatbot. About 3 years ago. But as you can see, it's 3 years ago. That means it's already outdated. Right? Because nowadays we have large language model, we have general AI, And but you see, Observatory at the time already got the chatbot. So the chatbot is not… it's nothing new, you see what I mean? But large language model is relatively new. So anyone who wants to take up this project, I'll be very happy, and also you will be happy, because I've already done some work for you. Emergency alert system. Emergency alert… do you know an emergency alert system? It was used only once. Since it was set up, But it costs 150 million Hong Kong dollars. 150 million Hong Kong dollars to build a system that was used only once since it was built. This is already a very problematic, project. I did some work, and recently I was talking with a colleague. she said something quite interesting. She said, actually. In the US, they have a similar system. But they can send message to people in a specific region. Instead of everybody. Cause right now, it sends to everybody. So I think anyone who pick up this project, we're going to explore how the system can be of more use. You see what I mean? Because the money has already been spent. Right? So, so, so to be more positive, we want to see how, The system can be used in a more positive way. And, another project is anti-scamming education, because a lot of A lot of people get tricked, get scammed. Alright, every year. A lot of… a lot of money being lost. So… we can look into it. I have some personal experience. I can't… I can't give you the details because of the confidential, you know, protect privacy, but… It's pretty bad, okay? So, I think we want to look into that. Number 4 is about… Port Health Division. Do you know Port Health's division? So every time you go to the immigration department, you see some people from the Department of Health, right? Remember? There's some Department of Health staff at the immigration department, at the immigration checkpoint. So that's the, poor health division. Ice… I suspect these people are not really make a difference. So, I want to investigate. I want to know exactly what they do there. Okay. And then there's another topic, it's about dementia, okay? About dementia risk for elderly. Again, this is a topic that I have already got some information from the government. So, if you pursue that project, you don't start from zero, okay? You don't start from scratch, you have something to work on. And then, wildcard, if somebody wants to pursue your own project. You need to talk to me, okay? We can… we can negotiate, we can decide. But I would expect, 60% or 70% of the students will be working on the existing project, working on these topics, because we are pretty sure this project If we work on it, we will be able to publish something, you know? This project, that's very promising. But, if you… if you want to do something else, like Chinese medicine, or healthcare, e-health, you know, talk to me. We can… we can figure something out. Okay? So, let's take a short break, and then, for those of you who want to form the group today, we can form the group, and we can start talking about projects. Otherwise, yeah, so we can, we can see, you know, maybe we can pick up, next week. But, do, do take a break first.